c:\users\yummycarrot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxt\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\WordToTxt.exe.config
c:\users\yummycarrot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxt\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\WordToTxt.exe
c:\users\yummycarrot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxt\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\WordToTxt.pdb
c:\users\yummycarrot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxt\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.dll
c:\users\yummycarrot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxt\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\office.dll
c:\users\yummycarrot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxt\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Vbe.Interop.dll
c:\users\yummycarrot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxt\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
c:\users\yummycarrot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxt\WordToTxt\obj\Debug\WordToTxt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yummycarrot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxt\WordToTxt\obj\Debug\WordToTxt.Form1.resources
c:\users\yummycarrot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxt\WordToTxt\obj\Debug\WordToTxt.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yummycarrot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxt\WordToTxt\obj\Debug\WordToTxt.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yummycarrot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxt\WordToTxt\obj\Debug\WordToTxt.exe
c:\users\yummycarrot\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxt\WordToTxt\obj\Debug\WordToTxt.pdb
C:\Users\YummyCarrot\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxtToWordFreq\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\WordToTxt.exe.config
C:\Users\YummyCarrot\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxtToWordFreq\WordToTxt\obj\Debug\WordToTxt.exe
C:\Users\YummyCarrot\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxtToWordFreq\WordToTxt\obj\Debug\WordToTxt.pdb
C:\Users\YummyCarrot\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxtToWordFreq\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\WordToTxt.exe
C:\Users\YummyCarrot\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxtToWordFreq\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\WordToTxt.pdb
C:\Users\YummyCarrot\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxtToWordFreq\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.dll
C:\Users\YummyCarrot\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxtToWordFreq\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\office.dll
C:\Users\YummyCarrot\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxtToWordFreq\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Vbe.Interop.dll
C:\Users\YummyCarrot\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxtToWordFreq\WordToTxt\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
C:\Users\YummyCarrot\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxtToWordFreq\WordToTxt\obj\Debug\WordToTxt.Form1.resources
C:\Users\YummyCarrot\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxtToWordFreq\WordToTxt\obj\Debug\WordToTxt.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\YummyCarrot\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxtToWordFreq\WordToTxt\obj\Debug\WordToTxt.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\YummyCarrot\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WordToTxtToWordFreq\WordToTxt\obj\Debug\WordToTxt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
